lockdown security got CA I promise I'm
she's gonna do it
2012 chevrolet cruze we have an iron
sulfate so I've already pre prepared
this carb she's gonna briefly show you
how quickly the install can go
let me just hop in and I'll show you
exactly what we've done
so this is the FT GM DC I'm sorry ft gm7
DC plug-and-play remote start comes with
everything you need except for the
required RF kit it came to our attention
that you need a copy star compatible RF
kit to plug into this to be able to
control the road starter it won't work
on the OEM switchblade chief up only
because this key fob loses functionality
when the car is running so what we've
done is we've gone ahead and we've added
an RF 1 W BAM remote kit which is the
Compu star 1 button remote start kit and
again the FT GM DC 7 so the kit as
you'll see comes with all the harnesses
that you need comes with the RF decoder
which allows you to plug in the RF 1 W
BAM and I've harnessed this stuff you
can see comes up here to the ignition
cylinder which you will see we have some
connectors unplugged I'm gonna try and
plug these in for you so this is the
factory connector here plugs into this
included female connector on the t
harness so I'm just going to do that
plug in the safety clip plug in the
factory plug on the ignition cylinder
you'll see this is the cylinder follow
it back the plug is right on the back of
the cylinder we're gonna plug that in
plug the safety clip in this is the pk3
female harness that comes with the kit
this is the factory connector it usually
would have plugged in right here you can
see I've got that and plugged in this
and plug that in now off-camera I'm
gonna zip tie that up I've already
installed my antenna cable right here
run it up and here's my antenna
installed right there I'm just gonna
briefly show you
simple as that
there was about ten minutes of prep work
before I started this video so all in
all you should be able to do this remote
start install in the last ten an hour if
you want to know how to take this panel
off there's five seven mil screws which
are right here basically one two three
four and five this panel clicks off to
run the antenna cable this piece just
comes right off here again it's Jeff at
lockdown security WWE lockdown security
CA for all your plug-and-play remote
starter needs